# Game Review for (Fire Emblem Echoes: Shadows Of Valentia)

## Details
A remastered up to date version of Fire Emblem Gaiden, single player.

### Game Title
Fire Emblem Echoes: Shadows Of Valentia, you can find the game on e-bay, Gamestops or anywhere that sells 3DS games or the nintendo E-Shop along with additional DLC content. 

### Rating
I rate this game 4/5 stars because one particular DLC is questionable and should've been in the game instead beyind a paywall. 

## Summary
You play as Alm & Celica, childhood friends and bearers of the "Marks" on their hands. Rigelian forces forced a small Celica to part ways from Alm Travel around Valentia discovering the true meaning of the Marks while also playing seperately as Alm or Celica and recruiting others to aid you in your cause. For Alm you lead the Deliverance as the new prophisized future ruler trying to fight back the Rigelian Empire from seizing all of Valentia from nefarious figures while recruiting members as you travel, meanwhile as Celica you try to solve the Rigelian Empire and the Zofian Empire war in a "peaceful" way while also trying to meet up with Alm and Co. After defeating Emperor Rudolph the Tyrant King of the Rigelian empire you learn he is Alm's father and this was all a test to see if he was worthy of saving Valentia, on his dying breath you learn you must take down The God Duma and his followers as they are in need of a mercy killing due to being beyond corrupted and to free Valentia and the whims of the Gods. Eventually you finally meet up with Celica and you two venture into Fear Mountain to face Duma and his cult, unfortunately you face Berkut who fell victim to Duma's influence who sacrificed his fiance's soul to Duma in exchange for power and you must put him down. He gives you a memento and parts ways with Rinea once you free him from Duma's influence but you learn he's Alm's cousin leaving Alm with no family. You find Celica who gave her soul to Duma after being threatned by Jeddeh one of Duma's head cultists, you indeed do kill her but the Goddess Mila interviens and saves her. After learning the truth of your "Marks" from Mila she grants you the fabled Falchion to slay Lord Duma. After defeating Duma, Alm and Celica reunite the one true Kingdom of Valentia and are the respected King and Queen of said kingdom. Later Generations rememeber them as wise rulers as for Celica some say she is the Earth Mother, Mila, reborn.

An Interresting mechanic would be the ability to send items to another army such as sending needed items to survive upcoming skirmishes or food. Units have preferences for food such as liking meat or disliking sweets, feeding them things they dislike will give hiliarious dialogue. Interrestingly skills don't use mana but instead use HP so use skills wisely as the cost for using them may get your unit killed. Healers have a unique skillset, besides healing they have access to teleport and other offensive spells they also have a passive healing ability that heals nearby allies at the start of every turn, their healing capabilites are furtherly enhannced with every class upgrade even "Overclassing". In-battle take note on how long the battle is taking as longer battles reuqire more food to sustain your units, also in-battle make sure to use terrain as much as possible as different types of terrain gives you defensive bonuses, be wary as enemies can get defensive bonuses from terrain as well. Quests are rather optional though they grant you great rewards. Objectivly oranges are the best food in the game because of how easy they are to obtain. When visiting a village keep an eye on mostly the trees as oranges are bound to be found near one, keep going back to villages to replenish your supply of oranges. Interrestingly you can turn the Holy Spear, Holy Bow and Holy Sword into the 3 legendary weapons of Archanea which are Gradivus, Mercurius and Parthia. Each have a special or rather unique ability such as the following: Gradivus gives passive healing and can be thrown, Mercurius gives a special powerful attack, and Parthia gives exceptional accuracy shots with a chance to crit along with amazing range. With every Fire Emblem games comes the Ally Suppourt conversations, most are straightfoward and wholesome while also making the characters even more loveable even those you hate. Example being Faye, she loves Alm and once reaching A support she finally says it to him but gets rejected but not harshly and continues suppourting him even after getting rejected. Another A support is with Gray and Clair, she hates him, secretly loves Alm and soon after a few Ally Suppourts she reveals that she knew of Alm loving Celica and only acted like an asshole towards Gray because he's super close friends with Alm. Clair apolgized and gave Gray an answer. It's later revealed after the war they get married and have kids. 

## Final Thoughts
Overall while a remaster of Gaiden it's still a fantastic game even with several new mechanics such as Mila's Turn Wheel which basically reverts your last action to try another action again though it has limited uses or the sense of realism such as the "Food mechanic" where after every action your unit's mood goes down IF it goes down to unhappy your unit will suffer a significant negative stat change that will keep affecting your unit until you give them food of the sorts. Legendary or Exotic foods give permanant stat bonuses. While i do LOVE the game the reason behind my rating of 4/5 is the DLC content as mentioned above. Said content gives you an extra story perspective, gold, equipment and EXP farming maps but what i don't like is the "Overclass DLC". You have to pay for something that should've been in the game for free, this "Overclass DLC" allows you to reach the final class upgrade for a unit of their respective class which contains a new look, extra stat bonuses and a new skill to boot. The only DLC acceptable is the CIPHER DLC which takes characters from the FIRE EMBLEM CIPHER card game and implements them in the world of Valentia. Still, the other frustrating thing in the game is Magic, i understand everyone except for mages have exceptionally low magic resistance but getting put into critical condition because a mage slapped you with a skill is absurd unless of course you have Myrmidons who takes significantly less damage from magic attacks and is a straight up counter to mages as they are highly resistant to magic damage. Overall Shadows of Valentia offers really good voice acting, interresting chracters, amazing story, amazing mechanics, memorable music, really well done artwork, there's not a single dull moment. What's also amazing is the endgame content, which is going down an Archanian dungeon, collecting more loot and discovering the origins of The Fell Dragon Grima. Canonically Fire Emblem Awakening takes place centuries after Fire Emblem Shadows of Valentia whose final foe in that game is The Fell Dragon Grima, perhaps you were one of the exalts to seal Grima as said throughout legend? The fight is grueling and will test your mettle but the reward is worth it as enemies drop rare legendary weapons in this final endgame battle. The class system is very versitile as anyone can be anything, i even reclassed my bulky tanky knight into an archer just for fun, i also reclassed my main healer to become a sorceress to kick some major ass. The game even gives you 2 pitchforks to which you can use to reclass and reset any character to get more stats and to change their class path, you can get more from the equipment DLC. 

## Additional Information
Used the Mobile Game Fire Emblem Heroes for the description of the wise rulers of Valentia Alm & Celica
